# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Feb 11, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-02-04.md

## Agenda

- [x] Ways of working
- [ ] /Andrew/ Core PS 02 progress https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/478
    - [x] /Andrew/ Versioning section https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/476
    - [x] /Nick/ We need someone to take the lead on paging issues in Core spec quickly
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/136
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/137
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/148
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/156
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/159
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/169
        - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/170
    - [x] /David&Ian/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/213
    - [x] /David/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/466
    - [x] /David/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/465
    - [x] /Nick->Andrew/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/462
    - [ ] /Jim/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/482
    - [x] /David/ DUI Edit dialog https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/171
    - [x] /David/ Require `rdf:type` in the shapes shape? https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/473
    - [ ] /Andrew/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/463
    - [ ] /Andrew/ https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/343
    - [x] /Andrew/ IANA application status https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/459
- [x] /Andrew/ RM COS 01 progress https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/487
    - [x] Non-normative sections with normative statements https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/486
- [ ] /David/ SPC Query https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/437
- [ ] /Andrew/ Root Service properties migration to the SPC shape or at least Core vocab https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/467
- [ ] /Jad/ CCM Primer feedback?
- [ ] New and Changed in Core 3.0 - Frej and Axel, perhaps?

## Minutes


### Ways of working

- Andrew suggested to work towards 0 open tickets
    - Each ticket shall be either closed with a PR or closed as deferred to the next version of the spec (excluded from the given OS)
- Andrew suggests we focus on Github ticket progress and general agreement during the calls and the technical proposals and arguments are written in the tickets instead.
- Andrew is focusing on Core PS 02 and RM COS 01
    - David and Nick helping with paging
    - David is helping with the oslc:Error PRs

### Versioning

- Largely agreed on which content to bring in and which to keep in 2.0
- Nick to update issue 476 for OSLC versioning issues wrt the intended meaning of the old clauses (incl. clause 4 about a Version header MUST on a reponse).

### Paging

2 mechanisms:

- OSLC paging
- LDP paging (not adopted)

All the tickets above are about the OSLC Paging mechanism.

- Paged results are not ordered within a page?
- Paging is not stable
- Paged results are not "valid" unless all pages were read fully
    - eg nested properties
- Which use-cases are we trying to support
    -  Resource paging

Simple paging (that we always had):

- must assemble a union of all triples from all pages before processing

Limitations:

- UI paging in a "chunked"
- stable
- 

### TRS Primer first draft

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/wiki/TRS-3.0-Primer

### AM and Config specs fallen by the wayside

- Jim points out we have not given proper review to those specs
- Nick keeps priority on Config and TRS specs
- Andrew suggests to focus on Config in that case first
