# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (April 1, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Jim Amsden, Ian Green

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-03-18.md

## Agenda

- [x] Core PS progress
- [x] TRS PSD progress 
- [x] OSLC PN progress
- [x] NS deploy for all PS-stage specs


## Minutes

### Old action items

Andrew still has to:

- Finish the outstanding minor OSLC edits
- Review and possibly prepare the NS update
    - NB! CORS add

Things to take care of for NS updates:

- Produce other vocab formats for conneg
- Produce a new folder hier for shapes
- Extend conneg server to support shapes
    - Switch to YAML config?
- Update URIs in the conneg table

### Status update

- David will work on the Core PN as time permits
- Nick plans to prepare the TRS PSD by next week but then be out on vacation
