# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Aug 12, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, David Honey

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-05-27.md

## Agenda

- [ ] Deploy RM and CM vocabs/shapes
    - [x] Merge https://github.com/oslc-op/website-content-negotiation/pull/11
    - [x] Merge https://github.com/oslc-op/website/pull/296
- [x] [TC migration notice](https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4018?focusedCommentId=79734&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-79734)
- [x] Updates to [Summary of changes to OSLC Core 3](https://hackmd.io/ojZYshcATLyZ7ziowDnsCw) & Jim's review.

## Minutes

- TRS
    - Reduntant TRS PR closed.
    - [Newer PR](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/530) was merged.
- Config
    - Nick's Config PR will be taken over by Jim and he will incorporate the changes if needed. 
    - **Jim will define an ABNF and send a notice of intent to publish to the PGB.**
- Website updates
    - Merged PRs
    - **Andrew to write initial instructions and Jim to apply them for TRS or Config.**
    - **Andrew to deploy the changes on the web server.**
- **Jim will take a look at the OP Note for the OSLC 3 and Andrew's comments on it.**
