# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 28, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Jad El-khoury, Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-01-21.md

## Agenda

- [x] Andrew close the ballot https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op-pgb/responses?pollid=19380
- [x] Jim follow up on marking `oslc_cm:relatedTestPlan vs:term_status "archaic"^^xsd:string .` (xsd:string is redundant, just for clarity).
- [ ] Andrew IANA application for the version header final check https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/459
- [x] Andrew PR updates https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/456
- [ ] Follownag https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/18
- [ ] Frej presentation recap and moving forward (did not take minutes to focus on the presentation, I have my handwritten notes if anyone is brave enough to read my left-handed writing https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qfksyg6novtiuw0/AACw8day8XAcjO8uxUC3fns-a?dl=0)
- [ ] Andrew Root Service properties migration to the SPC shape or at least Core vocab https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/467
- [x] Andrew CSP/CORS proposal
    - see https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/458
    - see https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-browser/issues/16

---

- [ ] 

## Minutes

### RFC changes

Nick has new text in the next version of the ReSpec but it does not match the OASIS requested text exactly. §1.3 now looks right but the actual biblio reference does not look like OASIS requested.

https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/17#issuecomment-758802090 OASIS request.

We need to update all specs to the newest ReSpec v2.1.21. **NB!** Check that all the refs not defined in the local biblio are rendered correctly.

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/471 ready to merge

### CM terms archaic

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/472 closed wontfix

### AM ballot

https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op-pgb/responses?pollid=19380 has 3 votes, Andrew declared passed on the list.

### CSP/CORS/.well-known

3 PRs from Andrew merged.

### TRS/Config updates

Nick managed to prioritise these two specs a bit higher for the Q.

### Pushing all specs to their next milestones

- ReSpec needs to be updated everywhere
- No Query content changes pending
- Core still delayed by IANA TODO on Andrew
- RM and CM to be pushed to the COS level
- We shall fill in https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/22 and https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/23 with tickets
- Jad will push RM COS
- Jim will push CM COS



## TODOs

- Andrew: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/459
- Everyone: Update all specs to the newest ReSpec v2.1.21
- Everyone: Check that all the refs not defined in the local biblio are rendered correctly.
