# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 21, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Jad El-khoury, Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Ian Green

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-01-14.md

## Agenda

- Andrew close the ballot https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op-pgb/responses?pollid=19380
- Jim follow up on marking `oslc_cm:relatedTestPlan vs:term_status "archaic"^^xsd:string .` (xsd:string is redundant, just for clarity).
- Andrew IANA application for the version header final check https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/459
- Andrew PR updates https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/456
- Follownag https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/18
- Frej presentation recap and moving forward (did not take minutes to focus on the presentation, I have my handwritten notes if anyone is brave enough to read my left-handed writing https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qfksyg6novtiuw0/AACw8day8XAcjO8uxUC3fns-a?dl=0)
- Andrew Root Service properties migration to the SPC shape or at least Core vocab https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/467
- Andrew CSP/CORS proposal
    - see https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/458
    - see https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-browser/issues/16


## Minutes

### AM vote

Andrew will close the ballot, we have 3 votes out of 4.

### OSLC-Core-Version

IANA application needs ABNF. Andrew will fix the ABNF to allow multi-digit.

We will change section 4.2. Make it normative.

### CSP/CORS headers

Andrew makes 2 PRs with SHOULDs to follow those two specs.

### Frej follow-up

Slides: https://sodiuswillert-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/p/frjaunatre/EWd3xFZ3bXNPgwd--4vjVp8B1DUFuhFqsoDoS4SHRr80nA?rtime=ps_9viW-2Eg

### Automatic spec export

https://github.com/berezovskyi/puppeteer-respec/blob/main/main.js
