# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Oct 21, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), David Honey

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-09-30.md

## Agenda

1. OSLCfest preparations
1. Config header application with IETF HTTP WG (instead of IANA directly): https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/ietf-http-wg/2021OctDec/0041.html


## Minutes

### OSLCfest

- Jim may have to drop the OSLC in Data Science talk.
- We have sent out the acceptance and rejections. ~25 talks accepted.
- >90 signups so far.
- https://www.oslcfest.org/ has the up to date schedule.

### Publication status

- QM under public review.
- AM PS01 published.
- Config HTTP field registration filed.
- Andrew will open a single ballot for all PNs to be published.
- Config needs updates for SysML before PS. More discussion is needed with the SysML WG.
    - David will reach out to Geoff Clemm
- Jim will pick TRS up for PS publication
    - Andrew has substantive disagreements w.r.t. spec consistency from the pov of a client listed in [#513](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/513) but is OK with proceeding with a PS.
