# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (March 18, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Ian Green

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-03-11.md

## Agenda

- [ ] Core Versioning APs Andrew https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/476#issuecomment-790747952
- [ ] Config PSD progress https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/13
- [ ] Config PN
- [ ] OSLC PN


## Minutes

### Core misc

New issues opened (deferred till 3.1):

- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/503
- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/504

### Versioning 

Changes in https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/commit/e47d1a55017d8394d405076db1182b2167daf2ac accepted during the call

### oslc_config:Activity

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/502

- sameAs is problematic
    - subclassOf + marking the descendant Archaic may be better
    - clients may manually declare both types on instances just like reasoning under RDFS would work.

Deferred till Core 3.1

### NS deploy

- before we decided to wait till COS
- **agreed to publish to NS after PS publication for all specs**
- need a confirmation from Nick that nothing in https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265 is blocking the process
- Core, RM, CM, QM, and Query are the candidates for publication soon
