# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (April 8, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** David Honey, Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Jim Amsden, Ian Green

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-04-01.md

## Agenda

- [x] Core PS progress
- [x] TRS PSD progress 
- [x] NS deploy for all PS-stage specs
- [ ] OSLC PN progress

## Minutes

### TRS

- Nick submitted a TRS draft for review
- TODO: change PND to WD status and merge

### Core

- PS02 is submitted for vote and publication

### NS updates

- Jim suggests to update AM vocab
- Andrew asks  for help with the open-services.net vocab/shapes page updates


