# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 30, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Ian M. Green, Guillermo García Grao

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-09-23.md

## Agenda

- OSLCfest abstracts submission /everyone except Andrew/
- Publication heatmap /Andrew/
    - AM PS ballot results
    - Config publication
    - Query publication
    - QM COS publication
    - TRS NS deployment test
- Project notes publication: PGB involvement needed? /Jim/
    - Core announcement

## Minutes

### New members

Welcome to Guillermo García, a PhD student at Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (UPM).

### Publication status

- Query OS is published under https://docs.oasis-open-projects.org/oslc-op/query/v3.0/os/oslc-query.html
- Config PSD 01 is published udner https://docs.oasis-open-projects.org/oslc-op/config/v1.0/psd01/oslc-config-mgt.html
- QM COS is not announced yet, Andrew has followed up with Chet.
- Andrew to apply for the IANA `Configuration-Context` header.
- Jim will update AM PS01 and Config.
- Jim will ask OASIS if a PGB vote is needed to publish Project Notes.

### OSLCfest

- Around 10 presentation proposals in the pipeline, more than 60 attendee registrations as of yesterday.
- Andrew presented two proposals to the OP, feedback applied. Jad will make further updates to the document directly. 
