# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (May 20, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley, Jad El-khoury, David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Claudia Rauch, Axel Reichwein

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-04-22.md

## Agenda

- [x] Intro from Claudia Rauch (OASIS)
- [x] **OSLC CM OASIS Standard consent vote** https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0 and https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/ballot.php?id=3619
- [x] OSLC Core/Query SoUs https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0
- [x] OSLC RM PS 02 non-material revision https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/514
- [x] TRS WD comments and publication as a PSD https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/513
- [ ] OSLC paging discussion https://hackmd.io/yTMkHo_YQLmn6b_Czfl7qg
- [ ] OASIS PN formatting https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/512

## Minutes

- Warm welcome to Claudia! We can ask her any questions we asked Jory in the past.
- OSLC CM consent for OS running with no objections so far.
- Jim is working on SoUs for Core and Query.
- Andrew is working on the RM COS review response.
- Nick will process Andrew's comments on TRS WD offline.
- David make a short recap of the new paging discussion to the contributors that are new to this thread.


