# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 23, 2021)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-09-16.md

## Agenda

- Core OS publication status (Andrew) - OS staged
- Query OS publication status (Andrew) - OS package sent, awaiting OASIS to check & stage.
- Config PSD publication status - OASIS requested (many) minor edits (Jim)
- PNs. See [README](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs#project-notes)
    - Convert Core post into a PN (Andrew)
    - Convert Config Primer into a PN[D] (Andrew)
    - Convert TRS Primer into a PN[D] (Andrew)
- AM SMV follow up with Paul (Jim). PS SMV opened; Jim awaits a e. 
- AM spec review (Frej).
- TRS NS updates & website (Andrew). See [website#299](https://github.com/oslc-op/website/pull/299) and [conneg#12](https://github.com/oslc-op/website-content-negotiation/pull/12).
- QM COS submission (Andrew). See [TCADMIN-4068](https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4068). No update on the ticket since.

## Minutes

### Publication status

- https://docs.oasis-open-projects.org/oslc-op/core/v3.0/os/oslc-core.html is published, waiting for the announcement.
- Jim will ask Chet about project notes publication.
- Jim has uploaded the updated package for Config to Jira.
- QM and Query got no response from OASIS so far, waiting for Chet to come back.
- TRS NS files were reviewed. `ns/trspatch` will serve the same vocabs as `ns/trs`.
- Frej is doing an AM PS package review. 


### OSLCfest

- One presentation from our side on the OSLC standardization status
    - Also work remaining on AM, Config, and TRS.
- Panel discussion for what's next for OSLC
    - "Grey" specs
    - PLM spec
    - Updates to current specs
        - Paging
    - Future of OSLC for integration + relation to:
        - OMG
        - SysML
        - Maybe good to have it as a separate talk
        - Have an OSLC Vision doc prepared before John Wiegand has left OSLC. Would be good to revisit what part of it was achieved.
- SysML API & OSLC talk
    - Vendor support and adoption & Value prop
    - Overview of the SST work on the API
    - Our contribution w.r.t. OSLC API support
- Lyo Designer & Refimpl

TODO! Should ask Axel about the polls during the OSLCfest 2020. Esp. exec/dev split.

Will prepare abstracts on Google Docs and Andrew will submit them when we are happy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aiCLf8QSMO_oIfiawH1-qfx1231bie84W8iyS7FW63M/edit#

### Misc

- OSLC OP RefImpl CI updated to test the builds using JDK 8 LTS, 11 LTS, and 17 LTS; no issues recorded. JDK 17 is GA since 2021-09-14.
- Jena 4.2.0 released with a CVE fix (all XML functionality is affected), JSON-LD 1.1 r/o support, and ShEx support.
