# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Nov 05, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Jim Amsden, David Honey, Jad El-khoury, Ian Green.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-10-15.md

## Agenda

### Action points from last meeting

- [x] Andrew schedules a PGB call and sends out a draft SoU note
- [x] Andrew checks oslc-ui
- [x] David drafts an [SPC query proposal](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/437)
- [x] Jim does AM APs to publish a PSD

### Regular/ongoing items

- [x] [Spec publication status](https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues) ([roadmap](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0))
- [x] Call for Statements of Use: Core, RM, CM and QM
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265 Nick NS fixes
- [x] https://github.com/oslc-op/sysml-oslc-server/pull/15 Jamie reply
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/157 .well-known IANA request
- [ ] Action on Andrew to migrate David's work towards query COS01


### Items for this meeting

- [x] Clarification - is OSLC Actions to be considered part of Core? (ian)
- [x] Auto spec conformance section problem with ReSpec
- [ ] OSLC CCM Primer status
- [ ] OSLC 2020 RefImpl completed


## Minutes

### Support more scalable and performant discovery

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/437 has the proposal.

### SoU status

- Siemens got a request
- Jim will work on a set of SoUs internally
- Andrew will reach out to SodiusWillert

### Actions spec

- Shall move out from core and define `oslc_action:` namespace to prevent releng conflicts.

### CCM Primer

- David and Jad did the first draft, Jim and Ian shall read and help with fixes

## Action Points

- [ ] Study and reply to David's proposal https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/437
- Jim will work on a set of SoUs internally
- Andrew will reach out to SodiusWillert
- Jim and Ian shall read and help with fixes for CCM Primer
- Nick to help Jim with the ReSpec on conformance issues

