# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jun 18, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, David Honey, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-06-04.md

## Minutes

### Shapes in a single file

- Nick has progress on the the TRS and CfgM
- Nick is working on a merge tool that preserves order combining multiple shapes into a single file
- Nick has a PR opened

### Overall spec progress

- Need to accelerate to remain relevant
- Jim to review PR #329
- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/labels/Domain%3A%20CM CM issues for the PS01
- Andrew edits QM
- Jad edits 

### Query spec

- Decision to go the PSD?
- All QM issues: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/labels/Core%3A%20Query
- PSD checklist: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/wiki/Publication-guidelines#epic-checklist
- David works off the https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/308/commits branch

### TRS spec

- Spec needs to be polished
- **ResourceShapes MUST be Tracked Resources to be picked up by reporting tools on the market** 
    - *NB! There may be a note about TRS completeness in the ILDP draft.*
- Normative vs non-normative. WoT spec has 3 normative sections and 8 non-normative. THis is a change from early specs that mostly try to have normative content only.

### LDPC & c.

Shape: `http://open-services.net/ns/S/shapes/3.0#Dialog`

HTTP request to: `http://open-services.net/ns/S/shapes/3.0`

MUST: `http://open-services.net/ns/S/shapes/3.0#Dialog a oslc:ResourceShape . `

### Vocab anchors do not match shape names #334

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/334#issuecomment-646095412

- open-services.net/ns/qm#TestCase and open-services.net/ns/qm/shapes/2.1#TestCase would point to the same anchor in the HTML document if redirected.
- Andrew suggests open-services.net/ns/qm#TestCase and open-services.net/ns/qm/shapes/2.1#TestCaseShape, the shape URI changes. Tools shall not depend on the same URI fragment but follow RDF properties.
- Jim proposes not to change, the proposal that is somehow acceptable is to split the vocab part into vocab and shapes part. Jim argues that some tools already depend on those exact URIs; need an example, so far we have changed those URIs a few times, they were also never published before.
