# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 16, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, David Honey, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-01-09.md

## Minutes

### OASIS publication progress

QM and Core have both been published:

- https://docs.oasis-open-projects.org/oslc-op/qm/v2.1/psd02/quality-management-spec.html
- https://docs.oasis-open-projects.org/oslc-op/core/v3.0/psd04/oslc-core.html

Links got to be updated on the website: https://github.com/oslc-op/website/blob/master/content/specifications/_index.md **TODO Jim**

### Plans for 2020

The aim is to push for PSDs of every spec and focus on a select few and see to their progress towards an OASIS Standard.

Previous discussion: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-01-09.md#plan-for-2020

Nick is planning to stop his OSLC duties by 2021. Nick has a short plan of his own:

- Focus on CfgM spec 2020 Q1. 
- TRS still in focus, also 2020 Q1 w/o access control.
    - Access control will not go into the TRS spec. Internal teams at IBM are impacted, Jim has their contacts.
    - Changing access control for 1000 items may require 1000 calls w/o indirection, makes it important for scaling OSLC use.
    - ILDP is the de-facto spec for access control at the moment.
    - TRS presentation is still the best reference of the standing issues. **@jim Would be good to convert it into wiki.**
- ReSpec for PROMCODE TC help
- Vocab links inspection
- Imrove the shape checker and our ReSpec for the OP

### ReSpec for TCs

Nick has pushed a branch for the TC ReSpec from his private repo. Not backported the fix for SpecRefs yet. Not building yet due to a small difference in the build scripts.

Nick talks about wish to switch back to the W3C version. Jim thinks we shall not carry the burden of the TAB for ReSpec maintenance, which is not sustainable.

https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec/issues/34

### OSLC Context HTTP Header

IANA application still not submitted. RFC needs to be written first. Andrew is ready to help and get RFC submission experience. Jim has WebDAV RFC editing experience, Nick has a contact in the HTTP Header group that will likely end up reviewing the RFC submission. Still need to have more usage examples of the header.

We may soon have 3 SoUs for this header, one implementation is about 8 years old.

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/144

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/206
