# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Nov 19, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Ian Green, David Honey, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley, Michiel de Vries, Wouter Lubbers, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Andrew Berezovskyi

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-11-12.md

## Agenda

### Action points from last meeting

- [ ] None called out?

### Regular/ongoing items

- [ ] OSLC CCM Primer status
- [ ] Call for Statements of Use: Core, RM, CM and QM, Query
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265 Nick NS fixes
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/157 .well-known IANA request
- [ ] [Spec publication status](https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues) ([roadmap](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0))
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/sysml-oslc-server/pull/15 Jamie reply

## Minutes

 - Introduction to and of new members (Michiel & Wouter from Semmtech & François-Régis from SodiusWillert)
 - Presentation from Michiel about Master Data (Semmtech)
 - Discussions about how the Semmtch products could participate in OSLC - where's the value? Ian described how OSLC does not currently describe how a tool can create a new data type dynamically, and that might be a gap Semmtech appears to address.

