# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Dec 03, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Ian Green, FranÃ§ois-RÃ©gis Jaunatre (aka Frej), Andrew Berezovskyi

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-11-19.md

## Agenda

- [x] Jim's back ðŸŽ‰
- [x] Frej introduction
- [x] IANA request filed
    - https://github.com/protocol-registries/well-known-uris/issues/15
    - https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/456; can go straight to PS02 once merged
    - https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/157
- [x] CM and RM COS progress?
- [x] Lyo 4.0 M2 released
    - 4.0 release postponed by 2 weeks till Dec 16
    - 4.0.0.RC will be released soon
    - Moving to EPL2+BSD license and to just BSD in the generated code
    - 4.0 will be pushed on Maven Central for the first time
    - Lyo is migrating to a monorepo (for the things that will be released on Maven in a lockstep, sample code not included)

## Minutes

### Frej intro

Frej introduced himself again. Great thanks for providing 3 SoU to allow the specs to move forward.

### IBM SoU progress

There is progress internally, Jim needs to finalise the process.

### Spec progress

- Milestones created for Core, QM, CM, RM, Query
- [ ] Jim to merge approved PR and ZIP up the release for Automation
- [ ] Andrew to file a ticket with admin for Auto 2.1 PSD01 publication
- [ ] Andrew to open a PGB ballot for the Auto 2.1 PSD01
- [ ] Jim will take on CM COS process
- Ian has prepared a draft PR for Actions spec https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/448
    - Uses `oslc` core NS at the moment.
        - Query does too, a precedent
        - If we decide to allow Actions to keep `oslc:` prefix too, we will have to intro a process for merging vocabs on Core.
        - Breaking change is bad
        - Putting it as Core part would solve the problem but we are not ready to put this stamp of ""
    - Had v2.0 before but never reached the Final status
        - Links https://archive.open-services.net/specifications/index.html
- Jad has very little time for RM

### IANA registration

- Agreed to shift SHOULD to MAY for the RootServices
    - Andrew thinks a SHOULD may be good to motivate dev time for organisations, given that we agree its adoption will help reduce (initial) config burden.
    - Jim thinks there might not be much of a business case for every OSLC user to go implement those.
- The spec https://jazz.net/wiki/bin/view/Main/RootServicesSpec itself is in unknown state
    - Jim and Jad both implemented custom rootservices.xml handlers by copying the behaviour of the Jazz tools
    - Need to carefully check the spec first
    - Otherwise need to move the statement into a non-normative section
