# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Aug 6, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Jim Amsden, David Honey, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-07-30.md

## Agenda

- [ ] APs from https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-07-30.md#action-points
- [ ] Vocab class vs ResourceShape naming https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/397 /Jad/
- [ ] Resolve RootServices issue /Jim/

## Minutes

### Impact type

Nick has filed a ticket under https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/392, but Andrew and Jim still do not fully understand the issue at hand fully.

AP@Nick: look up wording on inlining in the spec and address David's concerns in that context.

AP@Nick: continue advocating for the hash URIs in the vocabs. The vocab URI will return all vocab terms upon a GET.

AP@Nick: consumer of a shape SHOULD look at the vocab term properties.

### Query spec

AP@David: fix the remaining issues from https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/10

### QM spec

AP@Andrew: check the conformance sections were added.

### RootService

- RootServices are getting replaced with SCRs in some IBM products.
- Jad: core benefit is auth information
- David: discovery of the capabilities without full traversal also!

### Shape table fields

AP@Nick: will fix ReSpec to address https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/397
