# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Oct 1, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Jim Amsden, David Honey, Jad El-khoury, Ian Green.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-09-24.md

## Agenda

### Meeting

- [x] Jad RM feedback https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/12#issuecomment-698617680
- [ ] Discussion on what to do about Actions specification for Config-Management, and relationship with Automation spec
- [x] Core, RM, CM, QM and AM zip fills need to be updated with new content to fix bad PDF link.
- [ ] Migrating wiki content from the old TC GitHub repo - is there a way to get the Markdown source?

### Weekly follow-up

- [x] [Spec publication status](https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues) ([roadmap](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0))
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265 Nick
- [x] https://github.com/oslc-op/sysml-oslc-server/pull/15 Jamie reply
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/157 .well-known IANA request


## Minutes

### SysML repo licensing

- Still waiting for the reply from Jamie
- Andrew will open the repo
    - https://github.com/oslc-op/sysml-oslc-server is now open

### Pending OP actions

- CM - ReSpec update to v2.1.20
- AM - ReSpec update to v2.1.20
- Query - minor editorial updates to ReSpec update to v2.1.20


### Action Points

- Jim updates AM and CM
- Jad adds company names for possible COS3 statements to https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0
- Andrew checks out oslc-ui
- Jad adds RM actions to the COS01 action list
