# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 24, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Jim Amsden, Nick Crossley, David Honey, Jad El-khoury.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-09-17.md

## Agenda

### Meeting

- [ ] 

### Weekly follow-up

- [ ] [Spec publication status](https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues) ([roadmap](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1phBv2PHh14VSZboBpmq4KuWn8hw4wZr2qHGVB2W6PIY/edit#gid=0))
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265 Nick
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/sysml-oslc-server/pull/15 Jamie reply
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/157 .well-known IANA request


## Minutes

### Query spec

https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op-pgb/topic/vote_on_oslc_query_version/76871816?p=,,,20,0,0,0::recentpostdate%2Fsticky,,,20,2,0,76871816 need Axel or Bill to cast a vote. Andrew emailed the PGB.

### AM spec

Jim shall address the review comments: https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/15#issuecomment-694549536

### RM

Followed up in https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/12#issuecomment-698374646

### CM

No update to https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-3807 since last week.

### Core

No update to https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/14 or https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-3806 since last week.

Other issues before OS:

- SPC traversal is burdensome.
- Discovery
- Paging

### Automation

- Nick needs some changes made, Nick will take the RDF editing tasks and Jim will take care of the spec HTML. Jim also has old notes.
