# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jul 30, 2020)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Andrew Berezovskyi, Jim Amsden, David Honey, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-06-25.md

## Agenda

- [x] Query PSD publication on OASIS doc arch.
- [x] Failing checks on master, propose to remove the C flag for all specs except Core and QM, which are nearing publication.
- [x] Remove traling slash from the shapes prefix. NB to all other spec editors!
- [x] Publish QM PSD03 instead of PS01 and then properly promote it to PS01.
- [x] Core has a few new issues David raised that we can discuss today

## Minutes

### Core spec

- David left many comments, most are easily resolved.
- Jim wants to use hyperlinks as much as possible. We agree to use hyperlinks within the spec, references outside the spec.
- /# is replaced with # in the shapes prefix
- Jim will add a hyperlink to the RootServices definition on Jazz.
- Re impact type: not clear how to discover if definition is allowed anywhere. Possible application via reification, but not preferred.
    - SPC shall point to a TRS endpoint in the future.
    - **Nick** to investigate intended vs real effects of the impact type

### Query PSD publication

No response from OASIS on https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/10

**Andrew** will follow up.

### ShapeChecker failing the build on master

Nick has rewriten the CI script to run all checks before failing.

Jim requests an option to disable warning output. **Jim** shall file a ticket.

### QM

Andrew suggests to publish PSD03 but Jim thinks PS01 is OK to go for.

**Andrew** will add conformance sections in the vocab and shapes. Nick says an extra option is neede to suppress the conformance table generation. 

## Action points

- [ ] **Nick** to investigate intended vs real effects of the impact type
- [ ] **Jim and Nick** to review https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/377
- [ ] **Andrew** will follow up on the Query publication.
- [ ] **Andrew** will add conformance sections in the vocab and shapes in QM.
- [ ] **Jim** shall file a ticket on SC re: warnings suppression.
