# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Mar 05, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-02-20.md

## Agenda

- [x] PR from David
- [x] Update on AM 3.0
- [x] Discuss OSLC Core PS1 barriers
- [x] TRS & other updates
- [x] OMG meeting update

## Minutes

### Discussion on oAuth

JTS functions in oAuth 1.0 mode unless auth is delegated to JAS, which allows oAuth 2.0 / OID to be done on behalf of the JTS.

### TRS & other updates

- No progress on TRS so far.
- Nick should get time to work on vocab links next week.

### AM 3.0

Jim was planning to get the redirect done and include the Jazz properties in the AM 3.0 spec.

### OMG meeting

Jim was talking about resource vocabs and OMG is interested in providing a JSON-LD vocab for the SysMLv3 AM resources. We'd need a true RDF out of this. SysMLv3 resources for now will be just plain AM Resources.

1. Project and element relationships can be exposed (type-less, with the text field pointing to the type)
2. Expose everything at a very fine level. Jim suspects it would be too complex for cross-model linking and usage.

### David PR

- Jim suggests to use `oslc:queryBase` consistently.
- OSLC Core and Query have different recommendation on paging
