# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Feb 20, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-02-13.md

## Agenda

Main items:

- [x] Jim discuss the progress on AM

Follow up:

- [x] Vocabulary files and pages /Nick/
- [x] Vocabulary updates to the site /Andrew/ 
- [x] David to begin work on the Query PSD (start by an EPIC & milestone)
- [x] Jad to begin work on RM PS (start by an EPIC & milestone)
- [x] Nick to begin work on CfgM (start by an EPIC & milestone)

Misc:

- [ ] Jad to add link to the RM PSD on https://open-services.net/specifications/
- [x] Nick to suggest the next step on the Configuration-Context header IANA application

## Minutes

### AM progress

> See [here](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2020/2020-02-13.md#am-spec-changes-to-unblock-the-progress-jim) for the background.

Jim had internal meetings on AM. RMM is open to the idea of using the SysMLv2 RDF model in their product. Representation is TBD as well as the analysis whether it will be comfortable to use.

The question to the OSLC community is whether we want that representation to become the next version of the AM spec.

The problem of the Jazz namespace dependence remains. Nick's objections were recorded in the earlier minutes. He stressed again that Jazz does not have the rigour of the standardisation body. Jim counters that we will only use it as a starting point and will not rely on Jazz for the evolution of the vocabulary and that we can treat NS identifiers as just text.

JA: Could we have instead a new namespace simply duplicating the definitions? NC: It was my initial suggestion. AB: yes, possible, it will be just two resources with the same definition under two separate namespaces.

Do we really have that many tools producing AM resources under the Jazz namespace? In other words, how breaking the change would be?

Jazz specification being on Jazz wiki is a problem itself. But the biggest challenge is creating URI redirects. Jim is pondering whether it would be possible to change Jazz NS redirect to the open-services.net? Nick agreed this would be a viable approach: it would introduce more rigorous change control, but at the same time keep the existing predicate URIs. Another thing is that open-services.net policy is to only introduce changes that are not breaking, it begs two questions:

- is the AM spec mature enough for that?
- will it inhibit growth?

... committee can assure compatibility.

Jim to update the 3.0 spec to include the Design Manager namespace. Try to assume control of the namespace.

### RM

Jad will do the minimum necessary to push it to the PS

### CfgM

Prio is the vocab., next TRS only then CfgM. The goal is to get both to a PSD status in Q1'20.

IANA application is part of the plan

### QM spec 

Andrew is doing QM.

We made some promises, got to fix them in PS:

- https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/8#issuecomment-559553632
- https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/9#issuecomment-574295981
- https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/7

Here are the notes for the process: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/wiki/Publication-guidelines

Need to find someone to do CM too.

### Email discussion on the marketing of the OSLC

Andrew read the Nature paper from Axel, found it underwhelming. Nothing about R/W APIs.

Jim discussed how his React-based browser can be showcased with the Lyo Designed together. Jad stressed that an in-vivo demo with some real tools like DNG/RELM would make it more interesting and talked about Axel's suggestion to make a toolchain that is more presentable.

Jim suggested to hire CS students interested in learning/working with React. Jad described that us not being a CS department and students preferring company theses makes it hard to recruit smart resourceful students to do any OSLC work.

Andrew mentioned https://opendataday.org/#map on March 7.
