# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 20, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, David Honey, Christoph Bergner, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej),

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-01-13.md

## Agenda

- [x] finish up publishing the project notes
- [x] decide what to do about AM COS
- [x] start discussions on open config issues
- [x] priorities and focus areas for 2022

## Minutes

### Agenda

- Andrew to check if PNs are ready to resubmit to Jira
- Config
    - David updated the milstone for all issues
    - [Outstanding issues](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+milestone%3A%22Config+1.0+PS+01%22) were prompted by the SysML needs.
    - Geoff unlikely to have time to help with #528 and #529. David will draft up a proposed solution. Once OP is in agreement, we'll send it to SysML.
    - We are in agreement to apply the proposal in #526 for the config context support in the query capability.
- Let's wait for Jim to discuss the AM COS.
    - Andrew and Frej not sure if the small scope of the spec is strongly beneficial to take it to the OS stage. At the same time, we recognize the desire to capitalize on possible 3 COS statements.
- 2022 plan
    - David thinks that the current work is winding down, moving the "impact" call to the OP should be better.
    - Link Index spec is possible but implementers may be short on resources to implement it.
- OSLC QM became an OASIS Standard today :tada: 
