# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (July 21, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, David Honey, Ed Gentry, Frej. 

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-07-07.md 

## Agenda

- [ ] New co-chair election - deferred to future meeting when Jad is back
- [ ] Submit Config Management 1.0 for OS in its current state - 3rd Sou
- [ ] Publish NS files for Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone.
- [ ] Determine if/when OSLC OP takes on OSLC profile work. 
- [ ] Update on TRS implementations

## Minutes

Discussed scope from OSLC Strategy call. Identified two initiatives:

1. OSLC Profiles - approach to defining profiles and three instances for establishing and navigating links
2. Resource Link Query Services - or Link Discovery service.

Regarding naming, since we already use discovery for another propose in OSLC, it might be less confusing to avoid overloading the term here.

MID will provide an SoU for Config

TRS is still waiting on experience from Sodius-Willert. Frej will try to provide feedback by the end of September so that we can progress TRS to OASIS Standard


### Progress




### Profiles

- Draft is in https://hackmd.io/ChxK5egSQPWJFxqMiT2Lxg

Eran's link storage matrix:

- Symmetric
    - EWM *Work Item implements Requirement*. Not symmetric.
- For example, RM to RM:
    - RM stores the outgoing link.
    - Linked side discovers the incoming link by LDX.

## Action items

- [ ] Andrew to publish NS files. Config Management appears to be published, but not TRS
- [ ] Andrew will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Jad to join PGB
- [ ] OSLC OP to elect new co-chair
- [ ] Jim to provide SoU template for Ed
- [ ] Jim will send an email to the OSLC mailing lists outlining the proposed future work described above, and a call for contributors

### Handover from Andrew
The following items may requrie some handover from Andrew:
1. Config 1.0 COS 3rd SoU
2. Eventually TRS COS, any action needed?
3. Getting all the namespaces published
4. Making sure all the spec links are properly updated
5. Ensuring all the releases are appropriatly tagged

