# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 6, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Gray Bachelor, Christoph Bergner, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej),

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2021/2021-12-09.md

## Agenda

- [ ] Remaining Config issues before submitting COS
    - [ ] delivery of change sets
    - [ ] notion of a commit of a group of related artifacts in an atomic operation thinking"
    - [ ] Remove issues from milestone [Config 1.0 PS 01](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/16) that do not need to be addressed in PS01

- [ ] Review TRS issues for PS01
    - [ ] ordering of change log events
    - [ ] Other issues in [TRS WD 2021-05-19 Part 1 review comments](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/513)

- [ ] How to create "Latest version" and "Latest editor's draft" redirects on open-services.net. See: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/546 and https://github.com/oslc-op/cookbook/blob/master/README.md#adding-a-spec-redirect 

## Minutes
Short meeting today because we did not have David or Andrew to address the agenda items. 

We discussed the near term priorities:
* Config PS01
* TRS PS01

And we discussed briefly potential future work on link index discovery and managment across tools that Eran has been exploring.

### TBA

### Misc



