# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 08, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden (KTH), Jad El-khoury (KTH), Gray Bachelor (IBM), David Honey (IBM), Ean Gray (IBM), , Jim (Raython Technologies), Partrick Ollerton (PTC), Michael Rowe (IBM)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-09-01.md

## Agenda

- [x] Gray presents summary of prior work on product definition and ideas/interest in future work

Time permitting:
- [x] review of Initial draft of the Linking profiles supplement (shared by Eran via email) - done in previous meeting
- [ ] Submit Config Management 1.0 for OS 
- [ ] Frej - Update on TRS implementations (September target)

## Minutes

Gray presented [OSLC for Products](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op/files/OSLC_Product_summary_070922.PPTX)
Summary of what was done in the past, might be reusable, and what next steps might be.

Goal: support a product structure domain to integrate with existing OSLC lifecycle management domains. 
Distinguishing between the product, and possibly models of the design of the product, broadening the scope of what is covered.

Existing work is available in [Product Definition 1.1](https://archive.open-services.net/specifications/product-definition-1.1/index.html), covered structure and versioning.

This work did not consider OSLC Configuration Management (it didn't exist at the time). It covered product, versions and views from STEP, ISO 10303.

Three scenarios were discussed:

1. Systems Engineer reacts to requirements change
2. Product release
3. Assign change to product

Next steps might be to explore ALM/PLM integration based on existing practice. 

Gray will setup a separate OSLC Product workgroup meeting to determine the challenges to be addressed, the proposed solution (in the form of relevant OASIS OSLC specifications) and the anticipated business value to the PLM, ALM and SSE communities (vendors and end users).

Then a set of work products can be proposed, along with contributors so that we can see if this is a viable OSLC-OP project.


## Action items

- [x] Jad ask Andrii about the tool to transfrom markdown into a Respec document.
- [x] Jim integrate the Profiling outline with Eran's proposed text (distribured via email) into the first draft document
- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management appears to be published, but not TRS
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jad to join PGB and be promoted as co-chair (do it properly)
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Managemnet 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)


