# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Nov 3, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** 
- [x] Jim Amsden (KTH)
- [x] Jad El-khoury (KTH)
- [ ] Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- [ ] David Honey (IBM)
- [x] Ean Gray (IBM)
- [x] Jim Gammon (Raython Technologies)
- [ ] Partrick Ollerton (PTC)
- [ ] Michael Rowe (IBM)
- [x] Ed Gentry (MID)
- [ ] Tanu (PTC)
- [x] Frej (SodiusWillert)
- [ ] Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- [x] Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- [x] Axel Reichwein

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/20221027.md

## Agenda

- [x] OSLCFest planning
- [x] Linking Profiles specification editing progress 
- [x] Submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - Ed to provide SoU today for MID
- [x] Schedule TRS 3.0 PS02 submission and vote - Jim will request SMV today

## Minutes

### OSLCFest

We have 16 speakers, Bosch, MID, PTC contributing. Need to agree on who speaks when. Users/Vision, Vendors, Research categories, 30 min slots, 20 min presentation, 10 for questions. Schedule: 9:00 to 12:00 AM EST.

Need daily moderators. 

### Linking Profiles

We are missing a contributor for one section. Jim will make some progress on Root Services section to establish an editing pattern. 

### Link Validity

We had a brief discussion on the importance of link validity. There's a disction between state change in a resource vs. establish a scope of content changes that are relevant to assessing link validity or suspect links. This is the distinction between an eTag or content hash that is based on changes in different content.

The December OSLC strategy meeting can look at topics for 2023. Candidates for consideration are Incoming Link Discovery Services, and Link Validity. 

## Action items

Jim, Jad and Andrew are meeting today to address many of these actions.

- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management PSD01 was published, but not TRS? Andrew says PSD01 files were published for TRS 
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for PS01 Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Managemnet 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

