# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Feb 17, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Ed Gentry, David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej).

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-02-10.md

## Agenda

- [x] Jim will send a call for AM SOUs required to initiate a vote for COS.
- [x] Check on QM OS publlication
- [x] Check on PN publication
- [x] ShapeCheck on 2nd PR for PROMCODE. Fix errors because they may be hiding other errors.
- [x] Paul and Chet requested more fixes on the PNs. A hint from Paul that we did not go through 5 pages of his comments carefully.

## Minutes


- Welcoming Ed Gentry! Interest in the RM domain.
- Status updates
    - AM SoUs still pending to be sent out /Jim/
    - Many PNs still have feedback to be addressed. Decide to complete OSLC Core 3.0 changes PN first. [Jira](https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4135?jql=project%20%3D%20TCADMIN%20AND%20statusCategory%20!%3D%20Done%20%20AND%20text%20~%20%22oslc%22%20ORDER%20BY%20key%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC), Jim will take a look at that.
    - PROMCODE specs need to checked again by Andrew
    - QM publication in progress by OASIS
