# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Mar 31, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, David Honey, Frej, Jad.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-03-17.md

## Agenda

- [x] AM SoU status
- [ ] Core 3.0 PN progress
- [x] PROMCODE status
- [x] QM OS status
 
## Minutes

### PROMCODE & future

- Andrew has opened a ballot: https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/oslc-op-pgb/message/232
- Not clear how the spec ended up having OSLC in the title and using the open-services.net namespace.
- Agreed to consider this an exception but avoid such an (ex-?)implicit endorsement in the future for external projects.
- Still happy to share vocab and shape info on the website. Recommend to use https://w3id.org/ for permanent URIs.


### Planning

- Jim suggests to have a quarterly backlog review. We agree though that possible  errors shall be informative enough for the client to address the error messages.
- Andrew created a OP-wide project on GH https://github.com/orgs/oslc-op/projects/2/views/1, can create more for different backlogs.
- David or Brian need to look into this.

### Config

- Jim suggests to handle delivery without going too deep into merging.


## Action items

- [ ] Jim still needs to request the AM COS SMV.
- [ ] Jim: Fix https://open-services.net/spec/trs/latest and https://open-services.net/spec/trs/latest-draft
- [ ] Jim & Andrew: Be prepared to discuss progressing the TRS spec to COS next week. 
- [ ] Andrew: Publish QM namespaces, tag release, and close the epic.
