# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (July 7, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, David Honey, Ed Gentry, Frej

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-06-30.md 

## Agenda

- [ ] New co-chair election - deferred to future meeting when Jad is back
- [x] Submit Config Management 1.0 for OS in its current state - call for SoUs are out, IBM and Sodius Willert are in progress, 3rd pending
- [ ] Publish NS files for Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone.
- [x] Use cases ("opted-in" and "opted-out") for the linking profile (Eran) - moved to OSLC Strategy calls until profile work is adopted by OSLC OP

## Minutes

Deferring co-chair election until Jad gets back from Holliday.

The immediate focus of the OP is to get the TRS spec to OASIS Standard. Addressing open issues and taking on new work for profiles will depend on interests and resource commitments to do the work.

### Progress

IBM and Sodius Willert SoUs for Config Management 1.0 should be sent today. 3rd SoU pending.



### Profiles

The is continued interest in OSLC profiles. The next OSLC strategy meeting should attempt to establish scope, potential contributors, and when this should be transitioned to the OP.

Link profile is opportunity to have everyone in the market to know what they need to do. Profile compatability by key vendors will be critical for its success, even if this leads to some compromises.

Next OSLC strategy meeting may be 20 July, OP participants should plan to attend to address the questions above. 


- Draft is in https://hackmd.io/ChxK5egSQPWJFxqMiT2Lxg

Eran's link storage matrix:

- Symmetric
    - EWM *Work Item implements Requirement*. Not symmetric.
- For example, RM to RM:
    - RM stores the outgoing link.
    - Linked side discovers the incoming link by LDX.

## Action items
- [x] Jim to ask Andrew about additional SoU for Config
- [x] Jim to ask Eran to schedule next OSLC Strategy meeting
- [ ] Andrew to publish NS files. Config Management appears to be published, but not TRS
- [ ] Andrew will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will start the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS. Collecting SoUs in preparation for SMV vote to submit as COS
- [ ] Jad to join PGB
- [ ] OSLC OP to elect new co-chair

### Handover from Andrew
The following items may requrie some handover from Andrew:
1. Config 1.0 COS 3rd SoU
2. Eventually TRS COS, any action needed?
3. Getting all the namespaces published
4. Making sure all the spec links are properly updated
5. Ensuring all the releases are appropriatly tagged

