# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 01, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden (KTH), Jad El-khoury (KTH), David Honey (IBM), Ean Gray (IBM), Gray Bachelor (IBM), Jim (Raython Technologies), Mikael Rowe (IBM)


**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-08-25.md 

## Agenda

- [x] Document outline for Profiles
- [ ] Gray presents summary of prior work on product definition and ideas/interest in future work

Time permitting:
- [ ] review of Initial draft of the Linking profiles supplement (shared by Eran via email)
- [ ] Submit Config Management 1.0 for OS 
- [x] Determine if/when OSLC OP takes on OSLC profile work
- [x] Frej - Update on TRS implementations (September target)

## Minutes

### Gray presents  product definition
postponed until next meeting

### Document outline for Profiles

Jim presented the document structure and format of the Linked Index Profile - a summary from last meeting's minutes (https://github.com/oslc-op/oasis-open-project/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-08-25.md)

* ...
* Need a standard to define any profile
* Next step: integrate this outline with Eran's proposed text (distribured via email) into the first draft document.
* Eran: We need to introduce examples (or reference implemenetation) of the profile instances under the Lyo project. Examples hsould examplify both the consumber and producer sides.

### Conformance table of Linked Index profile
Store link on "canonical" side - Should it be SHOULD or MUST? (**Jim! What did you conclude there? why?**)

Discussing of capabiltities on the Full profile should be deferred. As indicated in the document, the Full profile is to be defined in hte future anyway.

### Determine if/when OSLC OP takes on OSLC profile work
We decided to take on this work, as of today 1st Sept 2022.

### Frej - Update on TRS implementations (September target)
Still ongoing.

## Action items

- [ ] Jad ask andrii about the tool to transfrom markdown into a Respec document.
- [ ] Jim integrate the Profiling outline with Eran's proposed text (distribured via email) into the first draft document
- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management appears to be published, but not TRS
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jad to join PGB and be promoted as co-chair (do it properly)
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Managemnet 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

