# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Aug 25, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-Khoury (KTH)

**Attendees:** Frej (SodiusWillert), Patrick Ollerton (PTC), Ralph Schoon (IBM), Jim Gammon (Raytheon), Gray Bachelor (IBM), Eran Gery (IBM)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-08-18.md 

## Agenda

- [ ] review of Initial draft of the Linking profiles supplement (shared by Eran via email)
- [ ] Gray presents summary of prior work on product definition and ideas on future work (a couple of weeks from now)
- [ ] Submit Config Management 1.0 for OS 
- [ ] Determine if/when OSLC OP takes on OSLC profile work
- [ ] Frej - Update on TRS implementations (September target)

## Minutes

### Linked Index Profile

Eran sent out an initial draft of the abstract and motivation for linking profiles. The OSLC-OP team should review this to determine the next steps.

We discussed the document format and scope of the link profiles. There are two aspects that need to be addressed: how profiles are expressed, and one or more instances of profiles for linking. 

Profiles will consist of specific OSLC conformance clauses that may be tightened from MAY or SHOULD up to MUST. Profiles might also contain their own unique constratints. ResourceShapes can also be used to provide additional vocabulary constratints as needed. 

The linking profile may be a project note instead of an OASIS standard. This needs to be decided. The document will likely contain the following sections:
* Root Services document
* CSP for friends
* Selection Dialogs
* CORS for friends
* Preview Dialogs
* PUT on Resources
* OSLC Query 3.0 OS support
* Store links on the "canonical" side
* Config Mgmt 1.0 PSD support
* TRS Server for link indexing
* OSLC Link Discovery service

Each section will list:
1. The applicable OSLC conformance clauses
2. How those conformance clauses are tightened in the profile
3. Any additional ResourceShape constrints
4. The intended purpose of the additional constrats
5. Any additional conformance clauses
6. Examples

It may be necessary to extend ResourceShapes to be able to specify primary and inverse constraints on link type properties in order to specify where the property is stored and which (incoming) link types need to be queried. It is important that this is discoverable somehow so that the implementations are properly guided and can be tested.

The proposed Basic and Bi-Directional profiles currently specify OSLC Query as a MUST in order to get incoming links. In order to include the config profile, we will need to consider how to introduce the OSLC Link Discovery Service. There are two aspects of this Link Discovery Service:
1. How to make the links a server owns discoverable by other servers
2. How to discover incoming links a server doesn't own

ELM tools mostly require a server to contribute their own links through a TRS provider when config enabled. There is a special case for DOORS Next that uses OSLC query for incoming AM links. So it may be necessary to provide an additional ResourceShape constraint to specify which incoming link discovery API should be used to get specific incoming links. Even if this implementation detail is abstracted into the OSLC Link Discovery Service, a mediatory will need to be able to discover how to delegate the request for incoming links.

So the profiles may require a couple of additions to the ResourceShapes 3.0 specification. This needs further study.

### Product Definition

Gray will send out an email to oslc-op with links to existing product definition artifacts. We will review these next week to begin to establish a scope, abstract and motivation for product definition, and to assess intrests in progressing this work. 

Please plan to attend the OSLC-OP meeting next week if you are interested in product definition.


## Action items

- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management appears to be published, but not TRS
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jad to join PGB and be promoted as co-chair (do it properly)
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Managemnet 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

