# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Mar 03, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, David Honey, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej).

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-02-17.md

## Agenda

- [x] AM SoU status
- [ ] Core 3.0 PN progress
- [x] PROMCODE status
- [x] QM OS status

## Minutes


### Vote for submitting AM PS 01 as a COS to OASIS

Tally:

- Andrew +1 (PGB member)
- Jim +1 (PGB member)
- David +1
- Frej +1
- Jad +1

5 yes, 0 no. Motion passes.

### Multiple language tag support and the cardinality restriction in OSLC Shapes

See https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/569

### Addition of new properties to the Core vocab

See:

- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/559
- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/560
- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/570
