# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Mar 17, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, David Honey.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-03-03.md

## Agenda

- [x] AM SoU status
- [ ] Core 3.0 PN progress
- [x] PROMCODE status
- [x] QM OS status
 
## Minutes

We have 3 available SoSs for AM.

Core project notes are still pending.

Just need to clarify with Nick what the meaning of the warning that the vocabulary is not references in the constraints. This warning appears to be suppressed in all the other OSLC shape checker commands. See https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/blob/master/tools/ShapeChecker/scripts/check-qm.sh#L7


Spreadsheet to group related conformance clauses needed to achieve interop in a certain scenario: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOL2IkOsQUOylScPBeAhevwZWvp2jesTWZMybmUsS_c/edit#gid=0

## Action items

- [ ] Andrew will wait for Nick to address the vocabulary reference. If no new information, created a PGB ballot to publish, and investigate later for future OSLC specs. 
- [ ] Jim still need to request the AM COS SMV.
- [ ] Andrew: Publish QM namespaces, tag release, and close the epic.
- [ ] Review issues #559 and #560 proposed new OSLC core properties to be discussed next meeting.
    - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/559
    - [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/560
- [ ] Be prepared to discuss progressing the TRS spec to COS next week. 
- [ ] Jim: Fix https://open-services.net/spec/trs/latest and https://open-services.net/spec/trs/latest-draft
- [ ] 
