# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 13, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, David Honey, Christoph Bergner, François-Régis Jaunatre (aka Frej),

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2022-01-06.md

## Agenda

- [x] Remaining Config issues before submitting COS
    - [x] delivery of change sets
    - [x] notion of a commit of a group of related artifacts in an atomic operation thinking"
    - [x] Remove issues from milestone [Config 1.0 PS 01](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/16) that do not need to be addressed in PS01

- [x] Review TRS issues for PS01
    - [x] ordering of change log events
    - [ ] Other issues in [TRS WD 2021-05-19 Part 1 review comments](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/513)
- [ ] Config and TRS PS01 need to have notices of intent to publish with zip files sent out today

- [x] How to create "Latest version" and "Latest editor's draft" redirects on open-services.net. See: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/546 and https://github.com/oslc-op/cookbook/blob/master/README.md#adding-a-spec-redirect 
- [x] Discuss contribution to requested project note editorial changes:
    - [x] Link Guidance - https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4132
    - [x] Config Mgt. Primer - https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4134
    - [x] Summary of changes in OSLC Core v3.0 - https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4135
    - [x] Tracked Resource Set Guidance - https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4136
    - [x] Tracked Resource Set Primer - https://issues.oasis-open.org/browse/TCADMIN-4137


## Minutes
We agreed that the purpose of Config-Mgmt PS01 is to publish the current state of configuration management as implemented in current implementations. We will still need to address some open issues before going to COS.

David will make sure the deferred issues will be removed from [Config 1.0 PS 01](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/16) and put in a new milestone for PS02. 

We discussed Andrew's issue regarding the possibility of subsequent GETs on a change log providing older change event numbers. Suggest changing "a more redcent Change Event" to "a mre recently exposed (published) Change Event". By exposed (published) change event, we me a change event that was provide in some prior GET on the change log. Jim will make this change in TRS PS 01 and then send out the notice of intent to publish PS01.

Andrew updated the instructions for how to create the open-services.net redirects for published specs. 

Andrew will do the ReSpec changes needed to get the proper OASIS Notices for the project notes. Then Andrew and Jim will address the editorial changes. Jim will do Config Mgt and Link guidance, Andrew will do the rest.

### TBA

### Misc

