# OSLC OP meeting, 13 June 2019

ATTENDEES
---------

Chairs: Andrew, Jim.

Attendees: Gray, Jad, Nick.

AGENDA
------

- [x] I think its complete. The next tasks are to update all the specifications for the Open Project ReSpec, and to fix the templates.
- [ ] Issue #35 (https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/35) Provide guidance on extending CM state values - Nick need a direction/status for one of our dev teams
- [ ] Vote to submit QM spec for public review and get the first Open Project specification published.
- [ ] State of the repo reorg - are we done? Are the repo URIs final yet?
- [ ] Walk-through of open-services.net hugo site: what's in each directory, what's the change/publish process, etc.
- [ ] Issue handling - what's the current thinking on migration of old issues?
- [ ] I'm committed to migrate the JIRA issues, I might have to do them in blocks of 10.


MINUTES
-------

**Provide guidance on extending CM state values #35**

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/35

https://raw.githack.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/master/specs/cm/change-mgt-vocab.html

State and Status was supposed to be modifiable only through Actions but that was never completed. Thus we are left with deprecated Status without fully introducing the new approach.

Jim: we still refer to Status where it should have referred to State.

* Providers may have custom oslc_cm:priority and oslc_cm:severity values.
* Providers should use skos:narrower when custom priority or severity values refine standard values.
* Providers should not use owl:sameAs when custom priority or severity values refine standard values.

SKOS Semantic Relations: https://www.w3.org/TR/skos-reference/#semantic-relations


ACTIONS
-------

- [ ] Andrew creates a new OP page to replace https://open-services.net/workgroups/ and notifies Nick.
- [ ] Jim to remove _1.1 IPR Policy_ from the published specs. _Those under active editing shall be edited by their editors._
- [ ] Jim to set `license` to `cc-by-4` and `additionalLicenses` from the published specs. _Those under active editing shall be edited by their editors._
- [ ] Andrew to suggest a relicense of the Nick's code to CC0.
- [ ] Nick to merge the local CSS styles from the Core spec into the base style in the ReSpec styles.
