# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 19, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2019/2019-09-12.md

## Agenda

 - RM PSD status
 - QM PSD status
 - Core PSD status

## Minutes

### RM

 - Andrew updated ReSpec, will help Jad with the release process in a F2F.

### QM

 - The CM deprecations shall be removed https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/250
 - General statements should be grouped https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/251
 - Incompatibility with QM 2.0 shall be rolled back https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/252

### PSD references

- Nick argues that if we pin spec stage in references, we have to update all upstream references in
  dependent specs, which is hassle.
- Andrew argues that the reviewers shall be able to review the references exactly how editors saw them
  when they were citing them.
- A compromise was reached to have "latest" links in the references of the PSD stage specs and pin
  them only when they reach the PS level or higher.
  - Nothing we can do for Core yet as it has no PSDs published.
  - We need to ensure all specs get a PSD.

 ### Core

 - Jim is on vacation this week.