# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Nov 14, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, David Honey, Gray Bachelor, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2019/2019-10-24.md

## Minutes

Nick working through vocabulary links.
Using CyberDuck
No progress yet on committing an updated TRS draft.

Andrew created draft pull request for publishing config management. 
Notified the PGB we're proposing to publish.
updated to recent ReSpec
has a list of actions - remove one section? re: client guidance. Doesn't exist yet - remove for now.
Doesn't yet have conformance clause markers Thats the biggest remaining work.

RM is published.
QM ballot is closed
QM sent to OASIS for publishing.

David hoping to start on Query this week.

Jim has resolutions for all the open core issues and will try to find time to get the documents in publish shape next week.
