# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (June 20, 2019)

**Chairs:** Andrew, Jim

**Attendees:** Andrew, Jim, Nick, Jad, David.

**Scribe:** Andrew

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/4a77a6f538ec45008ea6b64524d49aada09e84b2/minutes/2019/2019-06-13.md

## Agenda

_Please add your suggestions here!_

- [RM vocabulary terms missing · Issue #53 · oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/53)
    - The spec needs to be updated to list all the vocabulary terms, even archaic.
    - I think there should be a stability FSM.
- [Provide guidance on extending CM state values · Issue #35 · oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/35)
    - SKOS is a really bad fit for it because non-collection entries are not supposed to be ordered and SKOS collections that are ordered rely on RDFS collections.
- [Common core property oslc:discussedBy range should be oslc:Discussion, not oslc:Comment · Issue #50 · oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/50#issuecomment-503166002)
    - The default on the Semantic Web is '*' (Zero-or-more). Anything else needs strong motivation.
- Links in the specs

## Minutes

Updates from Jim:

Updating specs to Open Project format:
- [ ] Set conf.license: cc-by-4 and remove any additional licenses

- [ ] update specStatus

- [ ] `<hr>` is being added by ReSpec after each major section, remove any extras

- [ ] Remove IPR Policy section

- [ ] Fix this, previous and latest URIs.
    thisVersion: "https://docs.oasis-open.org/oslc-op/qm/v2.1/psprd01/quality-management-spec.html",
    latestVersion: "https://docs.oasis-open.org/oslc-op/qm/quality-management-spec.html",

- [ ] Remove all include styles, they are no handled by ReSpec (5 of them).

- [ ] Remove any embedded styles from the documents to prefer the defaults provided by ReSpec. Then fix any issues that arise as needed.

- [ ] Address any shape checker issues.

---

[RM vocabulary terms missing · Issue #53 · oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/53)

Andrew: we need to define the RDFS properties that were referenced.

Jim: they were not in the vocabulary, they shall be removed from the shapes.

https://archive.open-services.net/wiki/requirements-management/index.html

https://download.eclipse.org/lyo/docs/client/2.1.2/org/eclipse/lyo/client/oslc/resources/Requirement.html

We should consult Ian regarding that.

---

[Provide guidance on extending CM state values · Issue #35 · oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/35)

Jim: States do not have ordering in ELM JRS reports.

David: ordering is not done at this moment.

---

**Permanent links to keep in the specs**

http://shex.io/shex-semantics/ has the latest links to the editor's draft even in the latest published spec.

Need URLs:

- published URL
- latest
- latest draft

Proposed scheme:

| Permanent link | Redirect |
| -------- | -------- |
| open-services.net/spec/core/v2.0     | https://archive.open-services.net/bin/view/Main/OslcCoreSpecification.html     |
| open-services.net/spec/core/v3.0-csprd03     | http://docs.oasis-open.org/oslc-core/oslc-core/v3.0/csprd03/part1-overview/oslc-core-v3.0-csprd03-part1-overview.html     |
| open-services.net/spec/core/v3.0-psd-20190620 (a "snapshot" version of the Project Specification draft)     | https://rawcdn.githack.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/6e0a3f4b6fab3781128c6149f600609ba2c07c82/specs/core/oslc-core.html     |
| open-services.net/spec/core/latest     | https://open-services.net/spec/core/v3.0-csprd03     |
| open-services.net/spec/core/latest-draft     | https://raw.githack.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/master/specs/core/oslc-core.html

## Action items

- [ ] (Nick) review text from Chet.
- [ ] (Nick) add a non-normative comment to 
- [ ] (Andrew) prepare the preview for the redirects.
- [ ] (Jim) fix the calendar invite to show up in Lotus Notes.

## Next meeting agenda

- TBD

