# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Oct 10, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2019/2019-10-03.md

## Agenda

- [x] Andrew: update open-services.net/ns vocabulary links to use finalized standards: COS is ok for specs that have existing finalized standards, and PSD is ok for new specs. 
- [ ] Andrew: publish TRS 2.0 vocabulary
- [ ] Nick: get TRS WD checked in
- [x] Jim: prepare Core PSD
- [x] Andrew: prepare QM PSD
- [x] Jad: finish the RM PSD

## Actions

TBD

## Minutes

Discuss status of ongoing specification development work:
TRS
Nick discovered an issue with ReSpec that prevented completion and checkin of the TRS WD. He will be fixing this today or tomorrow.

Query:
David is back! He will begin working on the updates from the CS public review. He has my notes on the review comments, most of which were significant formatting issues.

RM
Jad has completed the PSD and we are now waiting on OASIS to review the content. We anticipate that this published PSD can reasonably quickly progress to PS and then COS.

Core:
Jim has gone through most of the core issues. Need to adjust the tags to more clearly separate core and query issues since they are independent standards track documents. There don't appear to be any issues blocking publishing a PSD. But there may be some we would want to address to publish a PS. Jim will be working on getting the core PSD published this week and next

Actions
- [ ] Andrew: Update the meeting invitation to include the proper links to meeting https://meet.jit.si/oslc-op collaboration and https://hackmd.io/@driib/oslc-op-minutes minitues sites.
- [ ] Andrew: document the process for publishing taking and publishing minutes (or provide a link to existing documentation)


Andrew updates the RDF files and HTML redirects. Andrew needs to fix the HTML links to handle content negotiation properly and link to the correct normative documents. Help is needed to point to the right vocab pages in one of the files (Andrew will fix the other one himself):

- https://github.com/oslc-op/website/blob/master/content/specifications/vocabularies/_index.md (published under https://open-services.net/specifications/vocabularies/)
- https://github.com/oslc-op/website-content-negotiation/blob/master/negotiation.js#L35

We shall:

1. Re-publish 2.0 vocabularies.
2. Update only those that have a corresponding 3.0/2.1 COS
3. Publish all other PSD-level vocabularies.

Old vocabs are pointing to the right vocabs except AM and Automation. https://github.com/oslc-op/website/issues/265

### TRS spec
Nick will check in a draft today. 
Too verbose to cover use cases, to hard
three documents:
1. normative TRS server spec
2. TRS client guide, includes all the scenarios
3. Note on access control - not included in the TRS spec, but would be normative in defining a vocabulary acc namespace.

That to do with access control is open - keep as a project note that implementers can use, or develop a spec?

There will be no reference to access control in the TRS spec, but will be in the usage guide.

blur create and modify, no value in introducing the difference, introduces useless error cases, e.g., modify without proceeding create, etc. We have seen these happen and introduce an error that is not helpful/useful. 

Access control only allows servers to group resources tother under the same access control - but does not specify what that access control is. 

OSLC servers are responsible for establishing applicable access control for their purposes, OSLC cannot predict or perscribe what that access control might be and need not address how access control is implemented as that is not (necessarily) an interoperability concern. 

If a server is a TRS provider, then it is the responsibility of that server to ensure any TRS consumers have sufficient access control to read the base resources. It is the responsibility of the TRS client to provide sufficient access control on those exposed resources for its purpose - which could be different that the server.
