# OSLC OP meeting, 23 May 2019


ATTENDEES
---------

Andrew (co-chair), Jim (co-chair), Jad, Nick, Gray.


AGENDA
------

1. Define action items for the immediate steps to get specs ready (Query esp,)

   1.  ReSpec updates

   2.  QM public review

2.  New voting process (3 working days or until every member votes - will only work for TSC)

3.  Other items from [https://hackmd.io/JLoZhQ2xTZaz3HI5tn7B5g](https://hackmd.io/JLoZhQ2xTZaz3HI5tn7B5g)



MINUTES
-------


**Spec updates**

Nick has done a ReSpec update, but Nick did not have push access to GitHub.

Andrew: the default permissions were Read by default. I have changed them to allow every OSLC OP member to write to any repo([https://github.com/organizations/oslc-op/settings/member_privileges)](https://github.com/organizations/oslc-op/settings/member_privileges)).



Had to make changes to the core specs in order to get the ReSpec updates. 

Nick has now successfully pushed test changes to two parts of core.



New Core specs repo origin shall point to [https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs)

Temporary location until Nick has push rights to the above is [https://raw.githack.com/ndjc/respec/oasis-op/builds/respec-oasis-common.js](https://raw.githack.com/ndjc/respec/oasis-op/builds/respec-oasis-common.js)

This also appears to work: [https://github.com/ndjc/respec/raw/oasis-op/builds/respec-oasis-common.js](https://github.com/ndjc/respec/raw/oasis-op/builds/respec-oasis-common.js)



Respec repo: [https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec). Members: [https://github.com/orgs/oasis-tcs/teams/tab-respec-write](https://github.com/orgs/oasis-tcs/teams/tab-respec-write)

[https://github.com/orgs/oasis-tcs/teams/tab-respec-write/repositories](https://github.com/orgs/oasis-tcs/teams/tab-respec-write/repositories) access to respec repo is read, Chet needs to fix thisw,.



Nick's updates: [https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/commit/f0ff42baf655a81acab56c3cf62f319389e84adc](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/commit/f0ff42baf655a81acab56c3cf62f319389e84adc)



Some simplification done, flattened the folders.

Would like to sync with W3C, or at least update dependencies in the OASIS fork

There is a TODO.md file in [https://github.com/ndjc/respec/tree/oasis-op](https://github.com/ndjc/respec/tree/oasis-op) that lists some additional changes that could be made.



No further work on TRS, that's next. 



**Voting process**



Jim suggests to do ballots on Slack. Andrew suggests to shorten the period to 3 working days or until every eligible voter has cast a vote.



Gray: what about the vacations? Andrew: a good point, we can keep the 7-day period intact while allowing the ballots to close early once everyone has cast their vote.



Jim: general call votes will remain simple majority votes, with anyone on the call with the CLA on file being eligible to vote. 



No objections noted so far.



**Query spec**



Jim wants to push this spec first to a ready state.







ACTIONS
-------



1.  (Jim) Update staus

2.  (Jim) Update Notices

3.  (Jim) Decide on publishing and fix URLs for this, prevous and latest versions and all the parts

4.  (Jim ) Use anchor tags instead of raw URLs?

5.  (Andrew) Rendering of ReSpec through Github.

6.  (Jim) Apply Query spec review comments to the QM spec.



**Next meeting agenda**



The next meeting wil take place on May 30.



1.  Anything QM-related.

2.  Jim's Query spec changes.

3.  Carol action items

4.  \[Migrate to the OP? · Issue #245 · OSLC/oslc-site-hugo\]([https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-site-hugo/issues/245)](https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-site-hugo/issues/245))

5.  \[Need a "Standards Corner" to report on spec development news\]([https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-site-hugo/issues/196)](https://github.com/OSLC/oslc-site-hugo/issues/196))

6.  Email OSLCfest attendees about the OP (Andrew's \[old draft\]([https://hackmd.io/IgBDBsHvTSi8X4IEzAxfcg?both)](https://hackmd.io/IgBDBsHvTSi8X4IEzAxfcg?both)) and \[transition guidelines draft\]([https://hackmd.io/xW5Nr5MlRVu16I88zcHWbw?edit))](https://hackmd.io/xW5Nr5MlRVu16I88zcHWbw?edit)))

7.  2019 roadmap
