# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 12, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2019/2019-09-05.md

## Agenda


- [x] Andrew https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/1
- [x] Jad https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/4
- [x] Andrew: Use of boards and milestones
- [x] Nick commit latest TRS developments 
- [x] Nick https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/125
- [x] all/Andrew https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/76#issuecomment-524371834
- [ ] Jim https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/220
- [x] Jim https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/69
- [x] Gray https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/90
- [x] Gray https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/92

## Actions

- [ ] Andrew: update open-services.net/ns vocabulary links to use finalized standards: COS is ok for specs that have existing finalized standards, and PSD is ok for new specs. 
- [ ] Andrew: publish TRS 2.0 vocabulary
- [ ] Nick: get TRS WD checked in
- [ ] Jim: prepare Core PSD
- [ ] Andrew: prepare QM PSD


## Minutes

N/A, we went over the agenda and wrote down the next steps.
