# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Sep 5, 2019)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Andrew Berezovskyi

**Attendees:** Jim Amsden, David Honey, Andrew Berezovskyi, Jad El-khoury, Nick Crossley.

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2019/2019-08-22.md

## Agenda

**MUST**

- [x] CM PSD publication ([OSLC tracking issue](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/issues/25), [OASIS tracking issue](https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/1), [ReSpec 2.1.7 PR](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec/pull/9))
- [x] RM vocabulary ([PR](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/119), [issue #85](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/85), [issue #86](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/86))

**SHOULD**

- [x] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/124 Andrew PR
- [x] RM WD formatting ([PR](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/94)) 
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/90 Gray
- [ ] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/92 Gray
- [x] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/93 Jim
- [x] https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/52 Jad
- [ ] oslc:range resolution from Andrew ([proposal](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/76#issuecomment-524371834))

## Agenda for the next meeting

- [ ] Andrew https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/1
- [ ] Jad https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/4
- [ ] Gray https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/90
- [ ] Gray https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/92
- [ ] Jim https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/69
- [ ] oslc:range resolution from Andrew ([proposal](https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/76#issuecomment-524371834))


## Minutes

### CM spec and the editing process

Jim: Caution about publication, long list of non-substantive issues when we've done this in the past.
Nick, Andrew, and Jim can all maintain Respec.
Every version of a spec will include a specific version of Respec.

https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/issues/25 is our issue; https://github.com/oasis-open-projects/administration/issues/1 is the issue OASIS opened. The outstanding requests from Paul:

- https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec/pull/11
- https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec/issues/12
- https://github.com/oasis-tcs/tab-respec/issues/13
- https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/issues/220

Jim: We could bunch specs together for publication to reduce overhead.

### RM PSD

Andrew: Suggest we do RM spec next. Jad can test the process. GH milestone for the effort: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/milestone/4

ReSpec updates: https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-specs/pull/94

Jad: Meaning of resource shape - gettable properties, creation factory, query capability?
David: If clarification needed, ought to be in Core Discovery, and then RM and other domain specs can reference core.
Issues around oslc inverse properties. 
Nick: We should review the link guidance in core versus RM spec to ensure consistency.
David: We have use case for oslc_config:component being an optional core property of oslc_rm:Requirement and oslc_rm:RequirementsCollection. Needs to be discussed in a future meeting.
Jim: AM spec can use properties from any public namespace (e.g. dcterms).
AM is referencing properties in jazz.net namespace, but jazz.net is not a recognized publishing authority.
